MTV 2.5.6 Release Notes (#487)
kubev2v/forklift-documentation: documentation/modules/rn-2.5.adoc

In this version of {project-short}, migration using OpenStack source providers graduated from a Technology Preview feature to a fully supported feature.

.Disabling FIPS
g

> {project-short} 2.5.6 enables migrations from vSphere source providers by not enforcing Enterprise Master Secret (EMS). This enables migrating from all vSphere versions that {project-short} supports, including migrations that do not meet 2023 FIPS requirements.

Reviewer: this change was introduced before 2.5.6, we shouldn't mentioned 2.5.6 here

Author: Removed 2.5.6

In this version of {project-short}, migration using OpenStack source providers graduated from a Technology Preview feature to a fully supported feature.

.Disabling FIPS

> g

Reviewer 2: say what now?

Author: Removed

.Disabling FIPS

Enterprise Master Secret (EMS) enforcement is disabled for migrations with VMware vSphere source providers to enable migrations from versions of vSphere that are supported by {project-short} but do not comply with the 2023 FIPS requirements.

.Integration of the create and update provider user interface

The user interface of create and update providers now aligns with the look and feel of the {ocp} web console and displays up-to-date data.

.Standalone UI

The old UI of {project-short} 2.3 cannot be enabled by setting `feature_ui: true` in ForkliftController anymore.

.Errors logged in populator pods are improved

In earlier releases of {project-short} {project-version}, populator pods were always restarted on failure. This made it difficult to gather the logs from the failed pods. In {project-short} 2.5.3, the number of restarts of populator pods is limited to three times. On the third and final time, the populator pod remains in the fail status and its logs can then be easily gathered by must-gather and by forklift-controller to know this step has failed. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTV-818[(MTV-818)]

> .`isPublic()` function executes code arbitrarily

Author: Moved to resolved issues

> The Node.js Package Manager (npm) IP package has a vulnerability that allows an attacker to arbitrarily run code and obtain sensitive information. This vulnerability can allow a Server-Side Request Forgery (SSRF) attack, by using the `isPublic()` function to obtain access to resources that are normally protected.

Author: Changed the text
See revised text in lines 39-43

For more information, see link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=2265161[CVE-2023-42282]

> .Missing match property in Console 4.15

Reviewer: that's true but it's too technical I think
I'd go with: "Support deployment on OpenShift 4.15" and then say that by fixing the operator failed on OpenShift 4.15 and the functionality in the UI broke due to that 'match' property that was dropped, and with fixes to these issues, as from 2.5.6 it is possible to deploy on OpenShift 4.15

Author: See updated text

OpenShift Console removed the `match` property in earlier versions. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTV-952[(MTV-952)]

[id="new-features-and-enhancements-25_{context}"]
== New features and enhancements

This release has the following features and improvements:

> .Migration uses OVA files created by VMware vSphere

Reviewer: Migration from?

Author: Rewrote "Migration of OVA files from VMware vSphere"

.Disabling FIPS

With VMware vSphere source providers, Enterprise Master Secret (EMS) enforcement is disabled for migrations to enable migrations from versions of vSphere that are supported by {project-short} but do not meet the 2023 FIPS requirements.

.Integration of the create and update provider user interface

The user interface of create and update providers now aligns with the look and feel of the {ocp} web console and displays up-to-date data.

.Standalone UI

The old UI of {project-short} 2.3 cannot be enabled by setting `feature_ui: true` in ForkliftController anymore.

.Support deployment on OpenShift 4.15

> A vulnerability in Node.js Package Manager (npm) IP package allowed an attacker to run code and obtain sensitive information. This issue has been resolved in {project-short} 2.5.6 by upgrading the package `node-ip` to version 2.0.1

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A vulnerability in the Node.js Package Manager (npm) IP package could allow an attacker to run code and obtain sensitive information. This issue has been resolved in {project-short} 2.5.6 by upgrading the package `node-ip` to version 2.0.1
```

Author: Changed

Reviewer 2: Not changed

> For more information, see link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=2265161[CVE-2023-42282]

Reviewer 2: Why are you linking to Bugzilla when you have had the correct link shared to the Red Hat CVE db.

.Disabling FIPS

With VMware vSphere source providers, Enterprise Master Secret (EMS) enforcement is disabled for migrations to enable migrations from versions of vSphere that are supported by {project-short} but do not meet the 2023 FIPS requirements.

.Integration of the create and update provider user interface

The user interface of create and update providers now aligns with the look and feel of the {ocp} web console and displays up-to-date data.

.Standalone UI

The old UI of {project-short} 2.3 cannot be enabled by setting `feature_ui: true` in ForkliftController anymore.

.Support deployment on OpenShift 4.15

> A vulnerability in Node.js Package Manager (npm) IP package that allowed an attacker to arbitrarily run code and obtain sensitive information. The operator was fixed on OpenShift 4.15, enabling MTV 2.5.6 to deploy the `match` property in the UI.

Reviewer: this text seems to mix the fix for [MTV-941](https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTV-941) (CVE) and the fix for deployment on 4.15

Author: @ahadas 
What should I write for this technical change?

Author: @ahadas 
Text changed to remove technical details.

.Disabling FIPS

> Enterprise Master Secret (EMS) enforcement is disabled for migrations with VMware vSphere source providers to enable migrations from versions of vSphere that are supported by {project-short} but do not comply with the 2023 FIPS requirements.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For migrations with VMware vSphere source providers, Enterprise Master Secret (EMS) enforcement is disabled for migrations from versions of vSphere that are supported by {project-short} but do not meet the 2023 FIPS requirements.
```

You realy need some punctuation in this sentence

.Integration of the create and update provider user interface

The user interface of create and update providers now aligns with the look and feel of the {ocp} web console and displays up-to-date data.

.Standalone UI

The old UI of {project-short} 2.3 cannot be enabled by setting `feature_ui: true` in ForkliftController anymore.

> .`isPublic()` function executes code arbitrarily

Reviewer 2: Cannot use the word executes

.Disabling FIPS

With VMware vSphere source providers, Enterprise Master Secret (EMS) enforcement is disabled for migrations to enable migrations from versions of vSphere that are supported by {project-short} but do not meet the 2023 FIPS requirements.

.Integration of the create and update provider user interface

The user interface of create and update providers now aligns with the look and feel of the {ocp} web console and displays up-to-date data.

.Standalone UI

The old UI of {project-short} 2.3 cannot be enabled by setting `feature_ui: true` in ForkliftController anymore.

.Support deployment on OpenShift 4.15

A vulnerability in Node.js Package Manager (npm) IP package that allowed an attacker to arbitrarily run code and obtain sensitive information. The operator was fixed on OpenShift 4.15, enabling MTV 2.5.6 to deploy the `match` property in the UI.

> This issue has been resolved in MTV 2.5.6 by upgrading the package `node-ip` to version 2.0.1

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This issue has been resolved in {project-short} 2.5.6 by upgrading the package `node-ip` to version 2.0.1
```

> A vulnerability in Node.js Package Manager (npm) IP package that allowed an attacker to arbitrarily run code and obtain sensitive information. The operator was fixed on OpenShift 4.15, enabling MTV 2.5.6 to deploy the `match` property in the UI.
> 
> This issue has been resolved in MTV 2.5.6 by upgrading the package `node-ip` to version 2.0.1

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A vulnerability in Node.js Package Manager (npm) IP package that allowed an attacker to arbitrarily run code and obtain sensitive information. This issue has been resolved in {project-short} 2.5.6 by upgrading the Node.js package `node-ip` to version 2.0.1
```

Author: Changed

> For more information, see link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=2265161[CVE-2023-42282]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For more information, see link:https://access.redhat.com/security/cve/cve-2023-42282[CVE-2023-42282]
```
Use the link to the Red Hat CVE database not bugzilla

.Missing match property in Console 4.15

OpenShift Console removed the `match` property in earlier versions. This impacted pages that passed parameters through the URL, preventing users from creating a migration plan in MTV Console. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTV-952[(MTV-952)]

> This issue has benn resolved in MTV 2.5.6.

Reviewer 2: Also check the product name for `OpenShift Console`

> This issue has benn resolved in MTV 2.5.6.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This issue has been resolved in MTV 2.5.6.
```

Check for typos by running your text through a linter

.Disabling FIPS

{project-short} enables migrations from vSphere source providers by not enforcing Enterprise Master Secret (EMS). This enables migrating from all vSphere versions that {project-short} supports, including migrations that do not meet 2023 FIPS requirements.

.Integration of the create and update provider user interface

The user interface of create and update providers now aligns with the look and feel of the {ocp} web console and displays up-to-date data.

.Standalone UI

The old UI of {project-short} 2.3 cannot be enabled by setting `feature_ui: true` in ForkliftController anymore.

.Support deployment on {ocp-name} 4.15

> {project-short} 2.5.6 can be deployed on {ocp-name} 4.15 clusters. The operator includes a temporary fix for link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-30095[Forklift operator fails on {ocp-name} 4.15]. The console plugin includes a fix for the `match` property that was removed in {ocp-name} Web Console. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTV-952[(MTV-952)]

Reviewer: @HagayVider1 the content is ok but I didn't adjust this text for the documentation - that's your domain of expertise

> {project-short} 2.5.6 can be deployed on {ocp-name} 4.15 clusters. The operator includes a temporary fix for link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-30095[Forklift operator fails on {ocp-name} 4.15]. The console plugin includes a fix for the `match` property that was removed in {ocp-name} Web Console. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTV-952[(MTV-952)]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
{project-short} 2.5.6 can be deployed on {ocp-name} 4.15 clusters, with the resolution of two issues: 

* The Forklift operator includes a temporary fix for the link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-30095[Forklift operator failing on {ocp-name} 4.15]. 
* The console plugin includes a fix for the `match` property that was removed in {ocp-name} Web Console. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTV-952[(MTV-952)]
```

> {project-short} 2.5.6 can be deployed on {ocp-name} 4.15 clusters. The operator includes a temporary fix for link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-30095[Forklift operator fails on {ocp-name} 4.15]. The console plugin includes a fix for the `match` property that was removed in {ocp-name} Web Console. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTV-952[(MTV-952)]

Author: Andy changed the content to bullet points.
I removed temporary from the first issue, as you requested.

.Disabling FIPS

{project-short} enables migrations from vSphere source providers by not enforcing Enterprise Master Secret (EMS). This enables migrating from all vSphere versions that {project-short} supports, including migrations that do not meet 2023 FIPS requirements.

.Integration of the create and update provider user interface

> The user interface of create and update providers now aligns with the look and feel of the {ocp} web console and displays up-to-date data.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The user interface of the create and update providers now aligns with the look and feel of the {ocp} web console and displays up-to-date data.
```

.Standalone UI

The old UI of {project-short} 2.3 cannot be enabled by setting `feature_ui: true` in ForkliftController anymore.

.Support deployment on {ocp-name} 4.15

> {project-short} 2.5.6 can be deployed on {ocp-name} 4.15 clusters, with the resolution of two issues: 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
{project-short} 2.5.6 can be deployed on {ocp-name} 4.15 clusters. 
```

> * The Forklift operator includes a fix for the link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-30095[Forklift operator failing on {ocp-name} 4.15]. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* The Forklift operator resolves the issue of the link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-30095[Forklift operator failing on {ocp-name} 4.15]. 
```

> * The Forklift operator includes a fix for the link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-30095[Forklift operator failing on {ocp-name} 4.15]. 

Reviewer: just noticed that the security level of https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-30095 has changed and it's longer public..
we had back and forth with the description of this item, but at this point I think we should drop the details of the "two issues", and just say that MTV 2.5.6 can be deployed on OpenShift 4.15 cluster

> * The Forklift operator includes a fix for the link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-30095[Forklift operator failing on {ocp-name} 4.15]. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> * The console plugin includes a fix for the `match` property that was removed in {ocp-name} Web Console. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTV-952[(MTV-952)]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

.Disabling FIPS

With VMware vSphere source providers, Enterprise Master Secret (EMS) enforcement is disabled for migrations to enable migrations from versions of vSphere that are supported by {project-short} but do not meet the 2023 FIPS requirements.

.Integration of the create and update provider user interface

The user interface of create and update providers now aligns with the look and feel of the {ocp} web console and displays up-to-date data.

.Standalone UI

The old UI of {project-short} 2.3 cannot be enabled by setting `feature_ui: true` in ForkliftController anymore.

.Support deployment on OpenShift 4.15

> A vulnerability in the Node.js Package Manager (npm) IP package could allow an attacker to run code and obtain sensitive information. This issue has been resolved in {project-short} 2.5.6 by upgrading the package `node-ip` to version 2.0.1

Reviewer: this line and line 43 below should be documented as a resolved issue related to CVE-2023-42282

For more information, see link:https://access.redhat.com/security/cve/cve-2023-42282[CVE-2023-42282]

> .Missing match property in Console 4.15

Reviewer: the title of this one can be "Support deployment on OpenShift 4.15" and its description can be like: "MTV 2.5.6 can be deployed on OpenShift 4.15 clusters. The operator includes a temporary fix for https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-30095, and the console plugin includes a fix for the `match` property that was removed in OpenShift Web Console. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTV-952[(MTV-952)]"

Author: Done

In previous releases of {project-short} {project-version}, populator pods were always restarted on failure. This made it difficult to gather the logs from the failed pods. In {project-short} 2.5.3, the number of restarts of populator pods is limited to three times. On the third and final time, the populator pod remains in the fail status and its logs can then be easily gathered by must-gather and by forklift-controller to know this step has failed. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTV-818[(MTV-818)]

.`isPublic()` function executes code arbitrarily

> The Node.js Package Manager (npm) IP package has a vulnerability that allows an attacker to arbitrarily run code and obtain sensitive information. The attack induces a Server-Side Request Forgery (SSRF) attack by using the `isPublic()` function to obtain access to resources that are normally protected.

Reviewer 2: The attack induces... an attack
Please read what you are writing

```suggestion
The Node.js Package Manager (npm) IP package has a vulnerability that allows an attacker to arbitrarily run code and obtain sensitive information. This failure to identify certain private IP addresses in uncommon formats`, as `private` can lead to security issues such as Server-Side Request Forgery (SSRF) if `isPublic()` is used to protect sensitive code paths when passed user input.
```

Author: Changed the text according to Arik's comments below

.Migrating VMs between {ocp} clusters

> In {project-short} {project-version}, you can now use Red Hat {virt} provider as a source provider and destination provider. You can migrate VMs from the cluster that MTV is deployed on to another cluster, or from a remote cluster to the cluster that {project-short} is deployed on. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTV-571[(MTV-571)]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In {project-short} {project-version}, you can now use  {rhv-full} provider as a source provider and destination provider. You can migrate VMs from the cluster that {project-short} is deployed on to another cluster, or from a remote cluster to the cluster that {project-short} is deployed on. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTV-571[(MTV-571)]
```

> In {project-short} {project-version}, you can now use Red Hat {virt} provider as a source provider and destination provider. You can migrate VMs from the cluster that MTV is deployed on to another cluster, or from a remote cluster to the cluster that {project-short} is deployed on. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTV-571[(MTV-571)]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In {project-short} {project-version}, you can now use Red Hat {virt} provider as a source provider and a destination provider. You can migrate VMs from the cluster that {project-short} is deployed on to another cluster, or from a remote cluster to the cluster that {project-short} is deployed on. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTV-571[(MTV-571)]
```

.Migration of VMs with direct LUNs from RHV

During the migration from {rhv-full} ({rhv-short}), direct Logical Units (LUNs) are detached from the source virtual machines and attached to the target virtual machines. Note that this mechanism does not work yet for Fibre Channel. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTV-329[(MTV-329)]

.Additional authentication methods for OpenStack

In addition to standard password authentication, {project-short} supports the following authentication methods: Token authentication and Application credential authentication. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTV-539[(MTV-539)]

.Validation rules for OpenStack

The validation service includes default validation rules for virtual machines from OpenStack. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTV-508[(MTV-508)]

.VDDK is now optional for VMware vSphere providers

> You can now create the VMware vSphere source provider without specifying a VMware Virtual Disk Development Kit (VDDK) `init` image. It is strongly recommended to create a VDDK `init` image to accelerate migrations.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can now create the VMware vSphere source provider without specifying a VMware Virtual Disk Development Kit (VDDK) `init` image. It is strongly recommended you create a VDDK `init` image to accelerate migrations.
```

.Deployment on OKE enabled

> In {project-short} 2.5.3, deployment on {ocp-name} Kubernetes Engine (OKE) has been enabled. For more information, see link:https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.14/welcome/oke_about.html[About {ocp-name} Kubernetes Engine]. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTV-803[(MTV-803)]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In {project-short} 2.5.3, deployment on {ocp-name} Kubernetes Engine (OKE) has been enabled. For more information, see link:https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.15/welcome/oke_about.html[About {ocp-name} Kubernetes Engine]. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTV-803[(MTV-803)]
```

.Migrating VMs between {ocp} clusters

In {project-short} {project-version}, you can now use Red Hat {virt} provider as a source provider and destination provider. You can migrate VMs from the cluster that MTV is deployed on to another cluster, or from a remote cluster to the cluster that {project-short} is deployed on. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTV-571[(MTV-571)]

.Migration of VMs with direct LUNs from RHV

> During the migration from {rhv-full} {rhv-short}, direct Logical Units (LUNs) are detached from the source virtual machines and attached to the target virtual machines. Note that this mechanism does not work yet for Fibre Channel. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTV-329[(MTV-329)]

Author: Done

.Migrating VMs between {ocp} clusters

In {project-short} {project-version}, you can now use Red Hat {virt} provider as a source provider and destination provider. You can migrate VMs from the cluster that MTV is deployed on to another cluster, or from a remote cluster to the cluster that {project-short} is deployed on. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTV-571[(MTV-571)]

.Migration of VMs with direct LUNs from RHV

> During the migration from Red Hat Virtualization (RHV), direct Logical Units (LUNs) are detached from the source virtual machines and attached to the target virtual machines. Note that this mechanism does not work yet for Fibre Channel. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTV-329[(MTV-329)]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
During the migration from {rhv-full} {rhv-short}, direct Logical Units (LUNs) are detached from the source virtual machines and attached to the target virtual machines. Note that this mechanism does not work yet for Fibre Channel. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTV-329[(MTV-329)]
```

Author: Changed text

vSphere only: Migrations from {rhv-short} and OpenStack do not fail, but the encryption key may be missing on the target {ocp} cluster.

.Migration fails during precopy/cutover while performing a snapshot operation on the source VM

> Warm migration from {rhv-short} fails if a snapshot operation is triggered and running on the source VM at the same time the migration is scheduled. The migration does not wait for the snapshot operation to finish. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTV-456[(MTV-456)]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Warm migration from {rhv-short} fails if a snapshot operation is triggered and running on the source VM at the same time as the migration is scheduled. The migration does not wait for the snapshot operation to finish. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTV-456[(MTV-456)]
```

You must check your work properly

vSphere only: Migrations from {rhv-short} and OpenStack do not fail, but the encryption key may be missing on the target {ocp} cluster.

.Migration fails during precopy/cutover while performing a snapshot operation on the source VM

> Warm migration from {rhv-short} fails if the user performs a snapshot operation on the source VM. The migration does not wait for a snapshot operation on the source VM to fininsh when it is scheduled at the same time as the migration. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTV-456[(MTV-456)]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Warm migration from {rhv-short} fails if the user performs a snapshot operation on the source VM. The migration does not wait for a snapshot operation on the source VM to finish when it is scheduled at the same time as the migration. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTV-456[(MTV-456)]
```

TYPO!!!

Author: corrected

vSphere only: Migrations from {rhv-short} and OpenStack do not fail, but the encryption key may be missing on the target {ocp} cluster.

.Migration fails during precopy/cutover while performing a snapshot operation on the source VM

> Warm migration from {rhv-short} fails if a snapshot operation is triggered and running on the source VM at the same the migration is scheduled. The migration does not wait for the snapshot operation to finish. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTV-456[(MTV-456)]

Reviewer 2: Please re-read this sentence 

```
... at the same the migration is scheduled
```

Author: Corrected

Reviewer 2: Not corrected

Author: @ahadas  Please review
Warm migration from {rhv-short} fails if a snapshot operation is triggered and running on the source VM at the same time the migration is scheduled. The migration does not wait for the snapshot operation to finish.

vSphere only: Migrations from {rhv-short} and OpenStack do not fail, but the encryption key may be missing on the target {ocp} cluster.

.Migration fails during precopy/cutover while performing a snapshot operation on the source VM

> Warm migration from {rhv-short} fails if a snapshot operation is triggered and running on the source VM at the same the migration is scheduled. The migration does not wait for the snapshot operation to end. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTV-456[(MTV-456)]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Warm migration from {rhv-short} fails if a snapshot operation is triggered and running on the source VM at the same the migration is scheduled. The migration does not wait for the snapshot operation to finish. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTV-456[(MTV-456)]
```

vSphere only: Migrations from {rhv-short} and OpenStack do not fail, but the encryption key may be missing on the target {ocp} cluster.

.Migration fails during precopy/cutover while performing a snapshot operation on the source VM

> Warm migration from {rhv-short} fails if the user performs a snapshot operation on the source VM. The migration does not wait for a snapshot operation on the source VM to finish when it is scheduled at the same time as the migration. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTV-456[(MTV-456)]

Reviewer: here changing this to "the user performs" narrows down the cases a bit too much because it might be "the system" that triggers the snapshot (for example, a backup process that runs in the background triggers the snapshot operation). I'd prefer to keep the initiator of the snapshot operation more vague here

something about the second part is not that clear - "it" in "it is scheduled at the same time as the migration" refers to the snapshot operation but the problem doesn't occur when the snapshot operation is scheduled at the same time as the migration but when the migration is scheduled to run while there is an ongoing snapshot operation

Author: Changed text

When migrating VMs that are installed with RHEL 9 as guest operating system from vSphere, the network interfaces of the VMs could be disabled when they start in {ocp-name} Virtualization. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTV-491[(MTV-491)]

.Import OVA: ConnectionTestFailed message appears when adding OVA provider

When adding an OVA provider, the error message `ConnectionTestFailed` can appear, although the provider is created successfully. If the message does not disappear after a few minutes and the provider status does not move to `Ready`, this means that the `ova server pod creation` has failed. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTV-671[(MTV-671)]

.Left over `ovirtvolumepopulator` from failed migration causes plan to stay indefinitely in `CopyDisks` phase

An outdated `ovirtvolumepopulator` in the namespace, left over from an earlier failed migration, stops a new plan of the same VM when it transitions to `CopyDisks` phase. The plan remains in that phase indefinitely. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTV-929[(MTV-929)]

.Unclear error message when Forklift fails to build a PVC

> The migration fails to build the Persistent Volume Claim (PVC) if the destination storage class does not have a configured storage profile. The forklift-controller raises an error message without a clear reason for not creating a PVC. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTV-928[(MTV-928)]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The migration fails to build the Persistent Volume Claim (PVC) if the destination storage class does not have a configured storage profile. The `forklift-controller` raises an error message without a clear reason for not creating a PVC. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTV-928[(MTV-928)]
```

When migrating VMs that are installed with RHEL 9 as guest operating system from vSphere, the network interfaces of the VMs could be disabled when they start in {ocp-name} Virtualization. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTV-491[(MTV-491)]

.Import OVA: ConnectionTestFailed message appears when adding OVA provider

When adding an OVA provider, the error message `ConnectionTestFailed` can appear, although the provider is created successfully. If the message does not disappear after a few minutes and the provider status does not move to `Ready`, this means that the `ova server pod creation` has failed. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTV-671[(MTV-671)]

.Left over `ovirtvolumepopulator` from failed migration causes plan to stay indefinitely in `CopyDisks` phase

An outdated `ovirtvolumepopulator` in the namespace, left over from an earlier failed migration, stops a new plan of the same VM when it transitions to `CopyDisks` phase. The plan remains in that phase indefinitely. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTV-929[(MTV-929)]

.Unclear error message when Forklift fails to build a PVC

> The migration fails to build the Persistent Volume Claim (PVC) if the destination storage class does not have a configured storage profile. The `forklift-controller` raises an error message without a clear reason for not creating a PVC. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTV-928[(MTV-928)]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The migration fails to build the Persistent Volume Claim (PVC) if the destination storage class does not have a configured storage profile. The `forklift-controller` raises an error message without a clear reason for failing to create a PVC. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTV-928[(MTV-928)]
```

Warm migrations and migrations to remote {ocp} clusters from vSphere do not support all types of guest operating systems that are supported in cold migrations to the local {ocp} cluster. This is a consequence of using RHEL 8 in the former case and RHEL 9 in the latter case. +
See link:https://access.redhat.com/articles/1351473[Converting virtual machines from other hypervisors to KVM with virt-v2v in RHEL 7, RHEL 8, and RHEL 9] for the list of supported guest operating systems.

.VMs from vSphere with RHEL 9 guest operating system can start with network interfaces that are down

When migrating VMs that are installed with RHEL 9 as guest operating system from vSphere, the network interfaces of the VMs could be disabled when they start in {ocp-name} Virtualization. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTV-491[(MTV-491)]

.Import OVA: ConnectionTestFailed message appears when adding OVA provider

> When adding an OVA provider, the error message `ConnectionTestFailed` can instantly appear, although the provider is created successfully. If the message does not disappear after a few minutes and the provider status does not move to `Ready`, this means that the `ova server pod creation` has failed. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTV-671[(MTV-671)]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When adding an OVA provider, the error message `ConnectionTestFailed` can appear, although the provider is created successfully. If the message does not disappear after a few minutes and the provider status does not move to `Ready`, this means that the `ova server pod creation` has failed. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTV-671[(MTV-671)]
```

Author: Removed "instantly"

When adding an OVA provider, the error message `ConnectionTestFailed` may instantly appear, although the provider is created successfully. If the message does not disappear after a few minutes and the provider status does not move to `Ready`, this means that the `ova server pod creation` has failed. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTV-671[(MTV-671)]

.Left over `ovirtvolumepopulator` from failed migration causes plan to stay indefinitely in `CopyDisks` phase

> An outdated `ovirtvolumepopulator` in the namespace the is left over from an earlier failed migration causes a new plan of the same VM to stop when it transitions to `CopyDisks` phase. The plan remains in that phase indefinitely. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTV-929[(MTV-929)]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
An outdated `ovirtvolumepopulator` in the namespace is left over from an earlier failed migration causes a new plan of the same VM to stop when it transitions to `CopyDisks` phase. The plan remains in that phase indefinitely. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTV-929[(MTV-929)]
```

You must check your text in a linter

> An outdated `ovirtvolumepopulator` in the namespace the is left over from an earlier failed migration causes a new plan of the same VM to stop when it transitions to `CopyDisks` phase. The plan remains in that phase indefinitely. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTV-929[(MTV-929)]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
An outdated `ovirtvolumepopulator` in the namespace, left over from an earlier failed migration, can cause a new plan of the same VM to stop when it transitions to `CopyDisks` phase. The plan remains in that phase indefinitely.  link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTV-929[(MTV-929)]
```

.Unclear error message when Forklift fails to build/create a PVC

> The migration fails to build a PVC when the destination storage class does not have a configured storage profile. The error logs do not provide enough information to identify the reason for failure.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The migration fails to build a Persistent Volume Claim (PVC) when the destination storage class does not have a configured storage profile. The error logs do not offer enough information to identify the reason for failure.
```

Make sure you use Vale

.Logs archive file downloaded from UI includes logs related to deleted migration plan/VM

In earlier releases of {project-short} {project-version}, the log files downloaded from UI could contain logs that are related to an earlier migration plan. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTV-783[(MTV-783)]

This issue has been resolved in {project-short} 2.5.3.

.Extending a VM disk in RHV is not reflected in the MTV inventory

In earlier releases of {project-short} {project-version}, the size of disks that are extended in RHV was not adequately monitored. This resulted in the inability to migrate virtual machines with extended disks from a RHV provider. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTV-830[(MTV-830)]

This issue has been resolved in {project-short} 2.5.3.

.Filesystem overhead configurable

> In earlier releases of {project-short} {project-version}, the filesystem overhead for new persistent volumes was hard-coded to 10%. The overhead was insufficient for certain filesystem types, resulting in failures during cold-migrations from RHV and OSP to the cluster where {project-short} is deployed. In other filesystem types, the hard-coded overhead was too high, resulting in excessive storage consumption.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In earlier releases of {project-short} {project-version}, the filesystem overhead for new persistent volumes was hard-coded to 10%. The overhead was insufficient for certain filesystem types, resulting in failures during cold-migrations from {rhv-short} and OSP to the cluster where {project-short} is deployed. In other filesystem types, the hard-coded overhead was too high, resulting in excessive storage consumption.
```

> In {project-short} 2.5.3, the filesystem overhead can be configured and is no longer hard-coded. If your migration allocates persistent volumes without CDI, you can adjust the file system overhead. You adjust the file system overhead by adding the following label and value to the `spec` portion of the `forklift-controller` CR:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In {project-short} 2.5.3, the filesystem overhead can be configured, as it is no longer hard-coded. If your migration allocates persistent volumes without CDI, you can adjust the file system overhead. You adjust the file system overhead by adding the following label and value to the `spec` portion of the `forklift-controller` CR:
```

In earlier releases of {project-short} {project-version}, the log files downloaded from UI could contain logs that are related to an earlier migration plan. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTV-783[(MTV-783)]

This issue has been resolved in {project-short} 2.5.3.

.Extending a VM disk in RHV is not reflected in the MTV inventory

In earlier releases of {project-short} {project-version}, the size of disks that are extended in RHV was not adequately monitored. This resulted in the inability to migrate virtual machines with extended disks from a RHV provider. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTV-830[(MTV-830)]

This issue has been resolved in {project-short} 2.5.3.

.Filesystem overhead configurable

In earlier releases of {project-short} {project-version}, the filesystem overhead for new persistent volumes was hard-coded to 10%. The overhead was insufficient for certain filesystem types, resulting in failures during cold-migrations from RHV and OSP to the cluster where {project-short} is deployed. In other filesystem types, the hard-coded overhead was too high, resulting in excessive storage consumption.

> In {project-short} 2.5.3, the filesystem overhead can be configured and is no longer hard-coded. If your migration allocates persistent volumes without CDI, you can adjust the file system overhead. You adjust the file system overhead by adding the following label and value to the `spec` portion of the `forklift-controller ` CR`:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In {project-short} 2.5.3, the filesystem overhead can be configured and is no longer hard-coded. If your migration allocates persistent volumes without CDI, you can adjust the file system overhead. You adjust the file system overhead by adding the following label and value to the `spec` portion of the `forklift-controller CR`:
```

Author: Corrected

This issue is resolved in {project-short} {project-version}, PVCs are deleted when archiving and deleting migration plan.link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTV-493[(MTV-493)]

.VM with multiple disks can boot from a non-bootable disk after migration

In earlier releases of {project-short}, VM with multiple disks that were migrated might not have been able to boot on the target {ocp} cluster.

This issue is resolved in {project-short} {project-version}, VM with multiple disks that are migrated are able to boot on the target {ocp} cluster. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTV-433[(MTV-433)]

.Transfer network not taken into account for cold migrations from vSphere

In {project-short} releases 2.4.0-2.5.3, cold migrations from vSphere to the local cluster on which {project-short} was deployed did not take a specified transfer network into account. This issue is resolved in  {project-short} 2.5.4.  link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTV-846[(MTV-846)]

.Fix migration of VMs with multi-boot guest operating system from vSphere 

> In {project-short} 2.5.6, the virt-v2v arguments include `–root first`, which mitigates an issue with multi-boot VMs where the pod fails. This is a fix for a regression that was introduced in {project-short} 2.4, in which the '--root' argument was dropped. Link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTV-968[(MTV-968)]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In {project-short} 2.5.6, the virt-v2v arguments include `–root first`, which mitigates an issue with multi-boot VMs where the pod fails. This is a fix for a regression that was introduced in {project-short} 2.4, in which the '--root' argument was dropped. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTV-968[(MTV-968)]
```

.Errors logged in populator pods are improved

In earlier releases of {project-short} {project-version}, populator pods were always restarted on failure. This made it difficult to gather the logs from the failed pods. In {project-short} 2.5.3, the number of restarts of populator pods is limited to three times. On the third and final time, the populator pod remains in the fail status and its logs can then be easily gathered by `must-gather` and by `forklift-controller` to know this step has failed. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTV-818[(MTV-818)]

.npm IP package vulnerability

> A vulnerability found in the Node.js Package Manager (npm) IP Package can allow an attacker to obtain sensitive information and obtain access to normally inaccessible resources. linK:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTV-941[MTV-942]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A vulnerability found in the Node.js Package Manager (npm) IP Package can allow an attacker to obtain sensitive information and obtain access to normally inaccessible resources. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTV-941[MTV-942]
```

> A vulnerability found in the Node.js Package Manager (npm) IP Package can allow an attacker to obtain sensitive information and obtain access to normally inaccessible resources. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTV-941[MTV-942]

Reviewer 2: The link is wrong

> A vulnerability found in the Node.js Package Manager (npm) IP Package can allow an attacker to obtain sensitive information and obtain access to normally inaccessible resources. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTV-941[MTV-942]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A vulnerability found in the Node.js Package Manager (npm) IP Package can allow an attacker to obtain sensitive information and obtain access to normally inaccessible resources. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTV-941[MTV-941]
```

> .npm IP package vulnerability
> 
> A vulnerability found in the Node.js Package Manager (npm) IP Package can allow an attacker to obtain sensitive information and obtain access to normally inaccessible resources. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTV-941[MTV-942]
> 
> This issue has been resolved in {project-short} 2.5.6.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

This issue is resolved in {project-short} {project-version}, PVCs are deleted when archiving and deleting migration plan.link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTV-493[(MTV-493)]

.VM with multiple disks can boot from a non-bootable disk after migration

In earlier releases of {project-short}, VM with multiple disks that were migrated might not have been able to boot on the target {ocp} cluster.

This issue is resolved in {project-short} {project-version}, VM with multiple disks that are migrated can boot on the target {ocp} cluster. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTV-433[(MTV-433)]

.Transfer network not taken into account for cold migrations from vSphere

In {project-short} releases 2.4.0-2.5.3, cold migrations from vSphere to the local cluster on which {project-short} was deployed did not take a specified transfer network into account. This issue is resolved in  {project-short} 2.5.4.  link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTV-846[(MTV-846)]

.Fix migration of VMs with multi-boot guest operating system from vSphere 

> In {project-short} 2.5.6, the virt-v2v arguments include `–root first`, which mitigates an issue with multi-boot VMs where the pod fails. This is a fix for a regression that was introduced in {project-short} 2.4, in which the '--root' argument was dropped. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTV-968[(MTV-968)]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In {project-short} 2.5.6, the virt-v2v arguments include `–root first`, which mitigates an issue with multi-boot VMs where the pod fails. This is a fix for a regression that was introduced in {project-short} 2.4, in which the '--root' argument was dropped. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTV-987[(MTV-987)]
```

.Errors logged in populator pods are improved

In earlier releases of {project-short} {project-version}, populator pods were always restarted on failure. This made it difficult to gather the logs from the failed pods. In {project-short} 2.5.3, the number of restarts of populator pods is limited to three times. On the third and final time, the populator pod remains in the fail status and its logs can then be easily gathered by `must-gather` and by `forklift-controller` to know this step has failed. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTV-818[(MTV-818)]

.npm IP package vulnerability

A vulnerability found in the Node.js Package Manager (npm) IP Package can allow an attacker to obtain sensitive information and obtain access to normally inaccessible resources. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTV-941[MTV-941]

This issue has been resolved in {project-short} 2.5.6.

For more information, see link:https://access.redhat.com/security/cve/cve-2023-42282[CVE-2023-42282]

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
.Flaw was found in the Golang net/http/internal package

A flaw was found in the versions of the Golang `net/http/internal` package, that were used in earlier releases of {project-short}. This flaw could allow a malicious user to send an HTTP request and cause the receiver to read more bytes from the network than are in the body (up to 1GiB), causing the receiver to fail reading the response, possibly leading to a Denial of Service (DoS). This issue has been resolved in {project-short} 2.5.6.

For more information, see link:https://access.redhat.com/security/cve/cve-2023-39326[CVE-2023-39326].

```

.Errors logged in populator pods are improved

In earlier releases of {project-short} {project-version}, populator pods were always restarted on failure. This made it difficult to gather the logs from the failed pods. In {project-short} 2.5.3, the number of restarts of populator pods is limited to three times. On the third and final time, the populator pod remains in the fail status and its logs can then be easily gathered by `must-gather` and by `forklift-controller` to know this step has failed. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTV-818[(MTV-818)]

.npm IP package vulnerability

A vulnerability found in the Node.js Package Manager (npm) IP Package can allow an attacker to obtain sensitive information and obtain access to normally inaccessible resources. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTV-941[MTV-941]

This issue has been resolved in {project-short} 2.5.6.

For more information, see link:https://access.redhat.com/security/cve/cve-2023-42282[CVE-2023-42282]

> .Flaw was found in the Golang net/http/internal package

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

.Flaw was found in the Golang net/http/internal package
```

This issue is resolved in {project-short} {project-version}, PVCs are deleted when archiving and deleting migration plan.link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTV-493[(MTV-493)]

.VM with multiple disks can boot from a non-bootable disk after migration

In earlier releases of {project-short}, VM with multiple disks that were migrated might not have been able to boot on the target {ocp} cluster.

This issue is resolved in {project-short} {project-version}, VM with multiple disks that are migrated can boot on the target {ocp} cluster. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTV-433[(MTV-433)]

.Transfer network not taken into account for cold migrations from vSphere

In {project-short} releases 2.4.0-2.5.3, cold migrations from vSphere to the local cluster on which {project-short} was deployed did not take a specified transfer network into account. This issue is resolved in  {project-short} 2.5.4.  link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTV-846[(MTV-846)]

.Fix migration of VMs with multi-boot guest operating system from vSphere 

> In {project-short} 2.5.6, the virt-v2v arguments include `–root first`, which mitigates an issue with multi-boot VMs where the pod fails. This is a fix for a regression that was introduced in {project-short} 2.4, in which the '--root' argument was dropped. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTV-968[(MTV-968)]

Reviewer: please replace MTV-968 with [MTV-987](https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTV-987) (filed a new issue for technical reasons)

.Errors logged in populator pods are improved

In earlier releases of {project-short} {project-version}, populator pods were always restarted on failure. This made it difficult to gather the logs from the failed pods. In {project-short} 2.5.3, the number of restarts of populator pods is limited to three times. On the third and final time, the populator pod remains in the fail status and its logs can then be easily gathered by `must-gather` and by `forklift-controller` to know this step has failed. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTV-818[(MTV-818)]

.npm IP package vulnerability

A vulnerability found in the Node.js Package Manager (npm) IP Package can allow an attacker to obtain sensitive information and obtain access to normally inaccessible resources. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTV-941[MTV-941]

This issue has been resolved in {project-short} 2.5.6.

For more information, see link:https://access.redhat.com/security/cve/cve-2023-42282[CVE-2023-42282]

> For a complete list of all resolved issues in this release, see the list of link:https://issues.redhat.com/issues/?filter=12431371[Resolved Issues] in Jira.

Reviewer: I've noticed that a fix for CVE-2023-39326 [MTV-850](https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTV-850) is also included in 2.5.6, can you please add it as well?

Reviewer 2: Added along with the other changes

Reviewer: sure, no need for the non-public Jira issue, thanks

.Fix migration of VMs with multi-boot guest operating system from vSphere 

In {project-short} 2.5.6, the virt-v2v arguments include `–root first`, which mitigates an issue with multi-boot VMs where the pod fails. This is a fix for a regression that was introduced in {project-short} 2.4, in which the '--root' argument was dropped. Link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTV-968[(MTV-968)]

.Errors logged in populator pods are improved

In earlier releases of {project-short} {project-version}, populator pods were always restarted on failure. This made it difficult to gather the logs from the failed pods. In {project-short} 2.5.3, the number of restarts of populator pods is limited to three times. On the third and final time, the populator pod remains in the fail status and its logs can then be easily gathered by `must-gather` and by `forklift-controller` to know this step has failed. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTV-818[(MTV-818)]

> .Support deployment on OpenShift 4.15

Reviewer: we have this one twice now (it already appears in line 39)
here we should rather document the CVE that is mentioned below

Author: See text from CVE.
I removed some details from the summary. Let me know if you want all the details in Resolve issues.

.{rhv-short} snapshots are not deleted after a successful migration

In earlier releases of {project-short}, the `Migration Controller` service did not delete snapshots automatically after a successful warm migration of a VM from {rhv-short}.

This issue is resolved in {project-short} {project-version}, the snapshots generated during migration are removed after a successful migration, and the original snapshots are not removed after a successful migration. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTV-349[(MTV-349)]

.Warm migration fails when cutover conflicts with precopy

In earlier releases of {project-short}, the cutover operation failed when it was triggered while precopy was being performed. The VM was locked in {rhv-short} and therefore the `ovirt-engine` rejected the snapshot creation, or disk transfer, operation.

This issue is resolved in {project-short} {project-version}, the cutover operation is triggered, but it is not performed at that time because the VM is locked. Once the precopy operation completes, the cutover operation is triggered. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTV-686[(MTV-686)]

.Warm migration fails when VM is locked

> In earlier releases of {project-short}, triggering a warm migration while there was an ongoing operation in {rhv-short} that locked the VM caused the migration to fail because the it could not trigger the snapshot creation.

Reviewer 2: Grammar: 
"In earlier releases of {project-short}, triggering a warm migration while there was an ongoing operation in {rhv-short} that locked the VM caused the migration to fail because **the it** could not trigger the snapshot creation."

Author: corrected

This issue is resolved in {project-short} {project-version}, PVCs are deleted when archiving and deleting migration plan.link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTV-493[(MTV-493)]

.VM with multiple disks can boot from a non-bootable disk after migration

In earlier releases of {project-short}, VM with multiple disks that were migrated might not have been able to boot on the target {ocp} cluster.

This issue is resolved in {project-short} {project-version}, VM with multiple disks that are migrated are able to boot on the target {ocp} cluster. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTV-433[(MTV-433)]

.Transfer network not taken into account for cold migrations from vSphere

In {project-short} releases 2.4.0-2.5.3, cold migrations from vSphere to the local cluster on which {project-short} was deployed did not take a specified transfer network into account. This issue is resolved in  {project-short} 2.5.4.  link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTV-846[(MTV-846)]

.Fix migration of VMs with multi-boot guest operating system from vSphere 

> The virt-v2v arguments include `–root first`, which mitigates an issue with multi-boot VMs where the pod fails. Adding this argument back to the entrypoint will resolve the issue. Link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTV-968[(MTV-968)]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In {project-short} 2.5.6, the virt-v2v arguments include `–root first`, which mitigates an issue with multi-boot VMs where the pod fails. This is a fix for a regression that was introduced in {project-short} 2.4 in which the '--root' argument was dropped. Link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTV-968[(MTV-968)]
```
(I don't think we should mention 'entrypoint', we can indicate that it's a fix for a regression though

Author: Done

.VM with multiple disks can boot from a non-bootable disk after migration

In earlier releases of {project-short}, VM with multiple disks that were migrated might not have been able to boot on the target {ocp} cluster.

This issue is resolved in {project-short} {project-version}, VM with multiple disks that are migrated are able to boot on the target {ocp} cluster. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTV-433[(MTV-433)]

.Transfer network not taken into account for cold migrations from vSphere

In {project-short} releases 2.4.0-2.5.3, cold migrations from vSphere to the local cluster on which {project-short} was deployed did not take a specified transfer network into account. This issue is resolved in  {project-short} 2.5.4.  link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTV-846[(MTV-846)]

.Fix migration of VMs with multi-boot guest operating system from vSphere 

The virt-v2v arguments include `–root first`, which mitigates an issue with multi-boot VMs where the pod fails. Adding this argument back to the entrypoint will resolve the issue. Link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTV-968[(MTV-968)]

.Errors logged in populator pods are improved

> In earlier releases of {project-short} {project-version}, populator pods were always restarted on failure. This made it difficult to gather the logs from the failed pods. In {project-short} 2.5.3, the number of restarts of populator pods is limited to three times. On the third and final time, the populator pod remains in the fail status and its logs can then be easily gathered by must-gather and by forklift-controller to know this step has failed. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTV-818[(MTV-818)]

Reviewer 2: You have variants of forklift-controller / ForkliftController

Author: Both are used. 
ForkliftController is a type of CR. 
`forklift-controller` is the name of the CR

In earlier releases of {project-short}, when a migration failed, its PVCs and PVs were not deleted as expected when its migration plan was archived and deleted.

This issue is resolved in {project-short} {project-version}, PVCs are deleted when archiving and deleting migration plan.link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTV-493[(MTV-493)]

.VM with multiple disks can boot from a non-bootable disk after migration

In earlier releases of {project-short}, VM with multiple disks that were migrated might not have been able to boot on the target {ocp} cluster.

This issue is resolved in {project-short} {project-version}, VM with multiple disks that are migrated are able to boot on the target {ocp} cluster. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTV-433[(MTV-433)]

.Transfer network not taken into account for cold migrations from vSphere

In {project-short} releases 2.4.0-2.5.3, cold migrations from vSphere to the local cluster on which {project-short} was deployed did not take a specified transfer network into account. This issue is resolved in  {project-short} 2.5.4.  link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTV-846[(MTV-846)]

> .`--root first` virt-v2v additional argument to support multi-boot 

Reviewer: this title can be less technical I think:
```suggestion
.Migrations of VMs with multi-boot guest operating system from vSphere fail
```

In earlier releases of {project-short} {project-version}, populator pods were always restarted on failure. This made it difficult to gather the logs from the failed pods. In {project-short} 2.5.3, the number of restarts of populator pods is limited to three times. On the third and final time, the populator pod remains in the fail status and its logs can then be easily gathered by `must-gather` and by `forklift-controller` to know this step has failed. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTV-818[(MTV-818)]

.Support deployment on OpenShift 4.15

> {project-short} 2.5.6 can be deployed on OpenShift 4.15 clusters. The operator includes a temporary fix for link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-30095[Forklift operator fails on OpenShift 4.15]. The console plugin includes a fix for the `match` property that was removed in OpenShift Web Console. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTV-952[(MTV-952)]

Reviewer 2: Do not forget to use attributes where possible

Either:
* :ocp: Red Hat OpenShift
OR
* :ocp-name: OpenShift

Author: Replaced all "OpenShift" with {ocp-name}

When upgrading from MTV 2.4.0 to a later version, the operation fails with an error that says the field 'spec.selector' of deployment `forklift-controller` is immutable. Workaround: Remove the custom resource `forklift-controller` of type `ForkliftController` from the installed namespace, and recreate it. Refresh the {ocp} console once the `forklift-console-plugin` pod runs to load the upgraded {project-short} web console. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTV-518[(MTV-518)]

.UEFI is imported as BIOS

> When migrating OVA of VMware VM ith EFI firmware, migrated VM is created with BIOS firmware instead of UEFI, causing a boot failure for the VM. Manually changing the BIOS type to UEFI avoids this problem. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTV-666[MTV-666]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
Firstly, check this in a spell check
```
VMware VM ith EFI firmware
````
Secondly, check it in a grammar check:
```
EFI firmware, < missing article - *the*> migrated VM
```
Check the fix version of the ticket in Jira

Author: Section removed

> .UEFI is imported as BIOS
> 
> When migrating OVA of VMware VM ith EFI firmware, migrated VM is created with BIOS firmware instead of UEFI, causing a boot failure for the VM. Manually changing the BIOS type to UEFI avoids this problem. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTV-666[MTV-666]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

Section **not** removed
